well howdy there Internet people its Bo
a gallon so today we're gonna talk a
little bit about managing stress I've
gotten some questions about it get to
that at the end but first we're going to
talk about some things you can do at
home that can help alleviate the boredom
and maybe break the cabin fever a little
bit the first is a while back I did a
video talking about how you can help
astronomers identify galaxies at home on
a website called Zooniverse the
Zooniverse actually has tons of
crowd-sourced research projects that you
can help with it's not all based in
space there are historical ones there's
all kinds of stuff you know you can help
scientists jump into the future and
identify galaxies or you can help
provide a Link to the Past by going
through old manuscripts it's something
that can help you get through the day
alleviate the boredom help society in
general and you learn something in the
process which is cool we all have a lot
of time on our hands right now
can't do a lot of the activities we're
used to there is that drive for self
improvement this can help satisfy that
at the same time you shouldn't put any
expectation on yourself on what you
should do with this time there's no
reason to stress yourself out now in
addition to this there's another website
called virtual museums dot IO when it
comes up it's a map has little red pen
marks on it you click on the pen mark a
little pop-up comes up it's museums all
over the world Australia Mumbai Berlin
the Smithsonian you click on it you can
take a virtual tool you have kids this
is something cool to do especially with
the Smithsonian because it pops up and
opens up in the room from night at the
Museum so they may find that interesting
there's a whole bunch of stuff that we
may never be able to do in real life but
we have the time to explore these tools
that exist that we may never have used
before right now okay now on to the
questions I've gotten a bunch of
questions about one symptom in
particular
shortness of breath is a symptom of what
everybody's worried about right now and
it's a symptom of worrying about it if
you're going about your day and maybe
you have a couple of the other symptoms
and then you have shortness of breath
that's probably cause for alarm you you
know you should you should pay attention
to that however if you're only getting
shortness of breath when you're going
through the latest numbers and you're
trying to make sense of it because some
of the numbers are stabilizing and some
are continuing to climb and and you're
feeling a little overwhelmed that may
just be anxiety there's a whole bunch of
videos on YouTube that can help give you
some skills to manage it give you some
coping mechanisms it's always something
to pay attention to right now
however just be aware of when that
symptom occurs and if it's only
occurring when you're actively thinking
about this and you don't have any other
symptoms it may not be anything to worry
about you know it may just be that you
need to relax and yeah I know easier
said than done right now but it's just
something to keep in mind and here are
some tools some activities that you can
do that can help you break the boredom
and help get you thinking about
something else that's not actually the
healthiest way of dealing with it
but it's something that's available
there are videos out there they carry
carry you through a whole bunch of
different coping mechanisms take the
time to use them there are going to be
mental health ramifications to this and
the more we can do to alleviate them now
the battery
anyway it's just a thought
y'all try to have a good day